docs(changelog): add LayerList style property (#246)
Esri/feedback-js-api-next: CHANGELOG.md

## Widget Updates

> ### LayerList, BasemapLayerList

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### LayerList and BasemapLayerList styles
```

> Have you ever wanted the look and feel of the MapViewer LayerList or BasemapLayerList in your app?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you ever wanted to update the look and feel of the LayerList or BasemapLayerList in your app?
```

## Widget Updates

### LayerList, BasemapLayerList

Have you ever wanted the look and feel of the MapViewer LayerList or BasemapLayerList in your app?
We've added a new `style` property to the LayerList and BasemapLayerList widgets to do just that.
The `style` property currently has two possible values, `classic` and `default.`
The `classic` style represents the user interface as it has been in previous releases.

> The `default` style brings the styling of the LayerList in MapViewer into the JavaScript SDK.

Reviewer: Hmm I'd leave MapViewer out of this and just explain what the changes to the style actually are?

Author: Yeah, I agree that would be better.
